What is the structure of data in relational database management system(RDBMS)?
a) All data is stored and represented by objects
b) Unstructured data is stored and processed in potentially massively parallel solutions
c) Data is structured in predefined tables by rows and columns
d) None of the above 

what is relational database characteristics?
a) use query languages(SQL) to retrive information 
b) Support transactions for consistency 
c) support multiple concurrent users 
d) all of the above

what is the disadvatage of traditional file processing system?
s) data stored in relational tables
b) tables are designed to minimize redundant information
c) limited data sharing 
d) High progammer productivity

In a relational database, tables may include .... to unlikely identify the instance of the entity represented by the tuple or rows
a) A foreign key
b) A primary key
c) Attributes 
d)Entities

In a relational db ... are typically represented in tables, ... are represented as columns in the table, and ... are represented as tuples (rows) in the table
a) Attributes, instances, Entities 
b) primary keys, Entities, instances
c) Entities, Attributes, instances
d) primary keys, foreign keys, instances




foe q6 start and end point should be included 

given start and end of a positive range, write a python program to print all prime numbers in given range in a list. 
Note: program should ask the user for start and end of range. Also, the start and end should be included 

Write a python program to print the fibonacci series using two methods
1) iterative method 
2)recursive method

A list is sorted in ascending order if it is empty or each item except the last one is less than or equal to it's successor.
Define a function named isSorted that expects a list as an argument from a user and return true if the list is sorted or returns false otherwise.

hint: For a list of length 2 or greater, loop through the list and comapare pairs of items, from left to right, and return dalse if the first item in a pair is greater.


The German mathematician Gottfried Leibniz developed the following method to approximate the value of pi:

pi/4 = 1 - 1/3 + 1/5 - 1/7 + ...

Write a program that allows the user to specify the number of iterations used in this approximation and that displays the resulting value of pi


